Update `controlnet` example readme (#5490)
rerun-io/rerun: examples/python/controlnet/README.md

<!--[metadata]
title = "ControlNet"
tags = ["controlnet", "canny", "huggingface", "stable-diffusion", "tensor", "text"]
description = "Use Hugging Face's ControlNet to condition Stable Diffusion on edges detected by the Canny edge detector."
thumbnail = "https://static.rerun.io/controlnet/8aace9c59a423c2eeabe4b7f9abb5187559c52e8/480w.png"
thumbnail_dimensions = [480, 303]
-->

<picture>
  <source media="(max-width: 480px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/controlnet/8aace9c59a423c2eeabe4b7f9abb5187559c52e8/480w.png">
  <source media="(max-width: 768px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/controlnet/8aace9c59a423c2eeabe4b7f9abb5187559c52e8/768w.png">
  <source media="(max-width: 1024px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/controlnet/8aace9c59a423c2eeabe4b7f9abb5187559c52e8/1024w.png">
  <source media="(max-width: 1200px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/controlnet/8aace9c59a423c2eeabe4b7f9abb5187559c52e8/1200w.png">
  <img src="https://static.rerun.io/controlnet/8aace9c59a423c2eeabe4b7f9abb5187559c52e8/full.png" alt="">
</picture>

> Use [Hugging Face's ControlNet](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/using-diffusers/controlnet#controlnet) to condition Stable Diffusion on edges detected by the Canny edge detector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [Hugging Face's ControlNet](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/using-diffusers/controlnet#controlnet) to generate an image from text, conditioned on detected edges from another image.
```

## Used Rerun Types
[`Image`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/image), [`Tensor`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/tensor), [`TextDocument`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/text_document)

## Background

> [Hugging Face's ControlNet](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/using-diffusers/controlnet#controlnet). allows to condition Stable Diffusion on various modalities. In this example we condition on edges detected by the Canny edge detector to keep our shape intact while generating an image with Stable Diffusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Hugging Face's ControlNet](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/using-diffusers/controlnet#controlnet) allows to condition Stable Diffusion on various modalities. In this example we condition on edges detected by the Canny edge detector to keep our shape intact while generating an image with Stable Diffusion. This generates a new image based on the text prompt, but that still retains the structure of the control image. We visualize the whole generation process with Rerun.
```
Something like this?

Reviewer 2: Also note that you can put each sentence on its own line for smaller diffs.

Markdown requires two newlines for a new paragraph. A single newline is treated the same as a space.

https://vimeo.com/870289439?autoplay=1&loop=1&autopause=0&background=1&muted=1&ratio=1440:1080

# Logging and Visualizing with Rerun
The visualizations in this example were created with the following Rerun code.

## Canny image
Uses cv2 to calculate a [canny image](https://docs.opencv.org/4.x/da/d22/tutorial_py_canny.html) that shows the edges in the image in black and white.
```python
canny_image = cv2.Canny(rgb_image, low_threshold, high_threshold)
canny_image = canny_image[:, :, None]
canny_image = np.concatenate([canny_image, canny_image, canny_image], axis=2)

> canny_image = PIL.Image.fromarray(canny_image)

Reviewer: Regarding here and below in this section. The original idea was to just show the Rerun code needed to create the visualization and to send the reader to the code for more details. In this case it might actually make sense to have the other code as well since it's so simple but I don't know. What do you think? I want to make sure this page is still mainly about how to use Rerun to visualize but it is important that it's easy to understand.

Author: The fact that Rerun requires code for visualisation to work is important for users to understand. 

For instance for someone without any experience they might think that Rerun is a GUI that visualises your data without any code.

Still its more important for users to understand Rerun then other code in the examples.

Maybe different tutorials can highlight different aspects of Rerun and this can be a way to highlight information that is more important for users to understand, for instance in this tutorial, the timeless concept could be made more prominent.

I made an example of how that can work.

```

> Log the input image and the canny image to Rerun.

Reviewer: Explain why both are logged as timeless

pipeline.enable_model_cpu_offload()
```

Generate a new image from prompt, negative prompt and canny image and log to Rerun.
```python
images = pipeline(prompt, negative_prompt=negative_prompt, image=canny_image, controlnet_conditioning_scale=0.5, callback=lambda i, t, latents: controlnet_callback(i, t, latents, pipeline)).images[0]
rr.log("output", rr.Image(images))
```

We use a custom callback function for ControlNet that logs the output and the latent values at each timestep, which makes it possible for us to view all timesteps of the generation in Rerun.
```python
def controlnet_callback(
    iteration: int, timestep: float, latents: torch.Tensor, pipeline: StableDiffusionXLControlNetPipeline
) -> None:
    rr.set_time_sequence("iteration", iteration)
    rr.set_time_seconds("timestep", timestep)

    image = pipeline.vae.decode(latents / pipeline.vae.config.scaling_factor, return_dict=False)[0]
    image = pipeline.image_processor.postprocess(image, output_type="np").squeeze()
    rr.log("output", rr.Image(image))
    rr.log("latent", rr.Tensor(latents.squeeze(), dim_names=["channel", "height", "width"]))
```

> To run this example use

Reviewer: Should be full "Run the Code" section like here: https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/tree/main/examples/python/human_pose_tracking#run-the-code

Reviewer: For this example it's important to explain that it requires a machine with CUDA backend available for pytorch. (If we can rewrite it to also work for cpu that would be even better)
